Lyndsey Lorett: So I'm, I'm really sorry. I'm in my car again and I am thinking that maybe the afternoon might be better for em, Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's, why don't we start with that let's let me look look at what's going on next week.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next week, a buddy, buddy. We've got
Gwenevere Abriel: One 10 on
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday, May 21
Lyndsey Lorett: Wait, what
May, May 21
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think
Lyndsey Lorett: At 110 I'll take it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. Okay. And are you thinking that because you might be able to be inside a room or now. Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'll be inside the camper. Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: They've been starting the house. Early in the mornings and it's hard.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me go over and create a little note.
Gwenevere Abriel: For us to record open. No, we do.
Gwenevere Abriel: How have you been feeling. I know the stress of this isolation has been quite something. How are you doing around that.
Lyndsey Lorett: You know that they finally opened gallop back up somewhat um
Lyndsey Lorett: It's just, I don't know how we go from zero cases to 1700 in a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have any ideas like any guesses about how that might happen just so that you can at least have a story in your mind about how it could happen.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, I mean, I know a lot of it is the reservation there including the reservation with us. And I know they come here to shop, but I don't know.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's like a virus has gotten political which is like even worse than the virus.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, tell me what that means for you on political
Lyndsey Lorett: I
Lyndsey Lorett: Feel like there's so many factors in this besides the virus that are just as scary as getting sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it is. It's a very complex. Well, it's, it's our it's our planets issue, isn't it, right, we're all talking to put our minds to it. Um, and, and what is that like for you to do that. Is this
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that like to do that to have it be political that it's more than just a bug.
Lyndsey Lorett: It makes me think that the end of times is near.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I just don't know who to trust and believe anymore in our government
Lyndsey Lorett: Not that there was a lot of that before but there were somewhat of it and now it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: All politics is a difficult thing, much like religion. Is there anything. Is that something you want to spend some time talking about in here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Lyndsey Lorett: That might actually be good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because I'm, I'm just afraid to say my opinions out loud because of the of the way I believe and that my in laws don't believe the same and I'm
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know, I just wish there was someone that could guide us through this and
Lyndsey Lorett: And it damn it has to be an election year, and all this other stuff and stupid Bill Gates and there's so much information out there. It's like what that can't be true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, notice how if you're if you're feeling like you're holding back also in here I'm just sort of tune into that and see. Do you have want to create safety, somehow, do you want to test me in some way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just so that you can feel safe, so you can get it all out, because it's not safe to really let your opinions out elsewhere. So, see what you need to do to feel even safer in here with me.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, I do feel pretty safe with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well let me hear all about how stupid Bill Gates's
Gwenevere Abriel: But
I just
Lyndsey Lorett: I know that the Christianity has said for years that there's going to be the mark of the beast in
Lyndsey Lorett: You know, just all the stuff. It says in Revelations and it's just
Lyndsey Lorett: Mind blowing to me that just, you know, just last year. Bill Gates was predicting this just a few months ago. He is predicting this like I don't understand why people would want to be so evil to control the population.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so who's evil in this. This scenario is Bill, the evil one. And he get he predicted it
Lyndsey Lorett: He predicted the pandemic. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he calls it
Lyndsey Lorett: I i'm i don't want to place like that's a huge accusation.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but did you, but just watch your own words, did you just now, though.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just asking because to protect it. So I was just asking if they because great
Gwenevere Abriel: So he caused it. You think he caused it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
What else
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, I think that Dr. G is setting setting us up for more the virus to spread and I'm
Lyndsey Lorett: He's
Lyndsey Lorett: The President just listening to a few people.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Dr felt she is setting us up for it to spread
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah. Yes.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the President is is once
Lyndsey Lorett: The fact that we're so close to closing or the economy just being over from being closed for a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who's responsible to
Gwenevere Abriel: The economy being closed who's responsible for that.
Lyndsey Lorett: I, I don't think any one person is responsible. I think it's the virus.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which Bill Gates caused
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said something about what the President is up to.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, he's only listening to the people on the task force, you would think he would listen to, you know, as many doctors as possible or or many scientists as possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else
Lyndsey Lorett: The fact that it's spreading and children in such an extreme way.
Lyndsey Lorett: Is
Lyndsey Lorett: Like it just adds another layer of fear. There's so many layers of fear, Gwen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So many
Lyndsey Lorett: I one last thing. I feel like the generations before us, that worked so hard to give their children a better life and their children a better life and
Lyndsey Lorett: You know this thing that we're trying to do as generations. It's just all been taken away in a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, was that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I didn't say anything, but I can, I can say what took years to build you know in in one month can be destroyed.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's not how it's supposed to be.
Lyndsey Lorett: You're supposed to build on top of, you know,
Lyndsey Lorett: And then the cuckoo who's out there that they're spreading it you don't know if they're like, is it just depends.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I got out what I need to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it like for you in a day to day life to to still be living with people that maybe you can't share openly just sort of continue to process layer after layer of fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your current life like over there.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um,
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm just trying to make the best of it.
Lyndsey Lorett: I really am. I'm not trying to take every little thing to offense.
Lyndsey Lorett: And just, you know, I get this time with my son that most people don't get when they're little, and I'm just gonna focus on enjoying that instead of all the petty stuff that was just eating at me.
Well,
Lyndsey Lorett: Not petty stuff that was eating at me. It was big stuff but
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you kind of have as a little memory with all in this week that was just utterly adorable.
Lyndsey Lorett: Did you say, how am I communicating with Ali when he's not really verbal
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Oh, that's funny. No, I
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, maybe we'll kind of remove video for a little while, so we can hear each other. Let me see if I can help you with that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Is it my internet connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say turn video off for a few minutes so i i
Gwenevere Abriel: Just turn off your video off for a minute.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, stop video
Gwenevere Abriel: But what I said was just tell me some cute that all I did.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, it's so he is learning the word no.
Lyndsey Lorett: And
Lyndsey Lorett: There's a lot of nose in the house right now that he can't touch. So we say no. So no walk past you and shake his finger at you and say, No, no, no, like, you've done something wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. Gosh, adorable.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your mood and your, your, your emotion, Ben, most of the time.
Lyndsey Lorett: I mean I, my, my mood and emotion has been better. Um, I'm sleeping a little bit better.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um,
Lyndsey Lorett: But just this underlying fear of when are they going to allow surgery. Again, when am I going to be able to move forward because it was just stopped. Everything, everything I was working towards stopped.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything is on hold.
Lyndsey Lorett: It is
Lyndsey Lorett: No elective surgeries.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they don't deem yours as necessary because you can function with this.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Lyndsey Lorett: That's amazing. Yeah, I know. I was shocked to it's like what
Lyndsey Lorett: I have a 34 year pound
Lyndsey Lorett: One and a half year old and I have a hernia. How was that supposed to work.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I sitting here trying to figure out why your how're all of that. It's like wasted energy when they say yes, I will take the S and go, and I'm excited about tapering
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me
Lyndsey Lorett: I am so, so excited to taper I
Lyndsey Lorett: Just feel it. It's just a giant step forward like I when I got the phone. Yesterday I just started to cry because I didn't think it was ever possible
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You had originally wanted that when you first started the program. He said, I would like to be medication free
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. And so let me start marking where we're at and start to truck this. So how many milligrams. Did you take today.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, I took 23
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. And so you'll keep an eye on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, my guess is you won't really even notice anything that that's such a high dose.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, I don't think so. I think, yeah, I don't think that I will notice anything for quite a bit of the taper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, if you do, just make sure you're not shy about telling us. Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, I, I really I think that doctor, he was interested because of the time that I've been on it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Is going to be interesting how it works. I mean, have you treated anyone else that's been on it for this long.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long have you been on it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Night eight or nine years.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've worked with. And actually, he's a client that we taper once he went down. He had to abruptly leave the state.
Gwenevere Abriel: We actually stay in contact with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he tapered off.
Lyndsey Lorett: He did.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh my goodness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they didn't take her down, down, down, down. Right. And then he brought play. He did a quick he needed to rush it because he had to leave the state. So over a long weekend, he you know he did this thing where he it's a different approach. It's go down is one thing taper down to one thing
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there's this real shift in mindset where
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I want to be off, but they're not the same. And I really like to make that distinction. So for now, it's just taper down to, to a dose that if you have to have surgery have to have urgent care.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you could benefit from, you know, either having to take an opiate short acting or having to take additional buprenorphine for pain management.
Gwenevere Abriel: Philosophy that you and I and the doctor in right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you dancers. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Why is a rare when for
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't
Lyndsey Lorett: Know rare.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to tell you I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: It that is credit if you had a notepad, you would write down. He is not going to be one answer. So if you want to write down. Why is it rare. First of all, is it where I don't think it's rare.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of my clients 99.9 because I have new clients that aren't tapering yet, much like you when you first came in, we didn't talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, yeah, and I have some that say, I want to be on this forever. So, okay, I don't know if that mindsets going to stay the same way. I don't know if that's going to change. I don't know if what I'm dealing with is
Gwenevere Abriel: addictive behavior. And this is someone who's still in a inactive addiction. So there's I'm in active addiction. My drug of choice has actually become buprenorphine. There's the fact that there's afraid to taper.
Gwenevere Abriel: At a rate of one milligram at a time. Some people are tapering at point two five. So watch how long that's going to take, there might be a hyper responsive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Negative response to a little bit of sweating when they get, let's say down to whatever number. I'm not going to put it in your head. So then you think it's some magic number, it's not
Lyndsey Lorett: So they're exaggerating.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're exaggerating a cold, which you and I get cold, we get sick, but they're turning that over there reacting as if it was the full 10 out of 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Withdrawal symptoms and there's I've been using it for my anxiety. I'm using it for my depression. There's just habit of self medicating behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's relapses people have
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's a complete disconnect with they never to begin with. We're really buying in that this was treatment. It was just
Gwenevere Abriel: Were your drug dealer or illegal drug dealer. So that's just a few. I mean, why so rare. I don't think it's rare. I think I would. I can almost say all my clients are tapering
Gwenevere Abriel: I have summit or at point two five milligrams summer at point seven five milligrams
Lyndsey Lorett: That's amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they started at
Gwenevere Abriel: They started there and they made their way. Why does it takes time. I'm here. It'll be three years in June. Why, because what you guys come back. You've been used to using this now you specifically just take it in as a y'all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, they use it for
Gwenevere Abriel: Psychiatric reasons. They've used it because they are upset stressed angry, sad depressed jealous, they've been using it to self medicate and getting out of that habit and instead using mindfulness practices direct communication spirituality meditation stretching
Gwenevere Abriel: healthy coping skills is not a habit yet. Why is that
Lyndsey Lorett: It takes up. I thought the whole point of Suboxone was so that you could get those tools.
Gwenevere Abriel: It. Well, if you could be you could be in an MIT program and not be getting a single tool. Most people you find out for eight years. Are you telling me these these people that were getting it for you before we're giving more doing the behavioral health part
Lyndsey Lorett: There.
Lyndsey Lorett: Know,
Lyndsey Lorett: Your health Park.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That's what I'm saying. How are you going to get the chills. Where are you going to learn them.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, that's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is a rare program that we're taking very seriously. I take it very seriously.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where I want people to be in here. We have specific goals. Let's look at them. How are you doing are you using them. What's working, what's not working.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look at life satisfaction. Let's look at the reason the underlying reason why substance use was the solution to begin with.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because pain is going to be in my life and you're a separate part the suffering piece is the part where behavioral health where mindset where prayer or meditation, where cognitive reframing. All of those things can have an impact.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's both, it's treating and saying you have developed a chemical dependence for whatever reason, it doesn't matter. Doesn't matter whether you did it because someone stuck it in your arm you know you were sex traffic doesn't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes opiate receptors are the same as the one that started because they had a broken goal, it doesn't it doesn't have a moral compass.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the behavioral part says okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a look at what you can do when that automatic thought that's that's put in place for whatever the etiology, the origin origin, whatever the origin. We've got to be able to have other automatic healthy thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: That gets you to think of other coping skills. We've got to put those in place, install them and still the practice them do them so that you think of them instead of i can self medicate.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can address whatever I'm going through with a pill. You want to get away from that. Um, but why why so rare. You say, Well, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in the same culture. I am what is what is every doctor, do they say, here's a pill. Here's a pill for your stress. Here's a pill for your anxiety. Here's a pill for this and this and this. Everybody pushes but they never say to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That your body already knows that you were already created with all of what you need.
Lyndsey Lorett: To like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're already created to self heal. Um,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're talking about day to day stuff. I mean, I'm not trying to be awake. If I'm going to have my my gallbladder removed. I want to be a despot eyes, you know I'm saying like knock me out Gemma see all my Dummy, dummy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, reason why Opiates are so amazing is because it has this analgesic effect. But that's not everyone is using it for nine out of 10 people in here have crossed over to now trying, they liked how they felt on it, they went, oh my gosh, this is the first time I've ever felt more mobile
Or this
Gwenevere Abriel: Means what just accidentally got treated was anxiety and depression. It got accidentally coincidentally treated
Gwenevere Abriel: But that is not the treatment. We don't use those what we what we want to do is change the mindset, we want to put in healthy ways of managing anxiety and stress and depression. You want to address the core issue pills don't teach skills. They don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Lyndsey Lorett: And these so
Gwenevere Abriel: The end. They never will. All they do is reinforce to take the pill to take a pill that you're not good enough that you're not enough. There's something broken flawed imperfect faulty and
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why so rare so rare because, look, if you count. Let's just calculate how long it would take you. You wonder why
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's calculate how long it would be on a piece of paper.
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't at the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do, I'll do it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know the doctor, the thing. Let's just say every two weeks, okay, because that's, you can go faster than that. But you're three years and I've watched what ends up happening. So just going to put it in every two weeks. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, alright, so here we go. We are at 23 and we're going to put
Gwenevere Abriel: Will say may may 12. Then I'm going to go to May 16 may 26 will say 22 and we're going to go
Gwenevere Abriel: June.
Gwenevere Abriel: 9 that's 21 and we're going to go to
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess we'll be in your record. We can track it since we're putting all this work into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not alone. I do this with a lot of people that are tapering okay so we can cross check how you're doing.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so by June 23rd up a 20 and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Chin
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll be done with them will be July 14
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll be at 19
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: By July 28
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll be at at
Gwenevere Abriel: Then by August 12
Gwenevere Abriel: At 17
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish I had a calendar that wasn't like this. It's taken me a little longer because I gotta do this flipping
Gwenevere Abriel: A 25 will be at 16
Lyndsey Lorett: What
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the date for 16 825 august 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so then sep tember
Gwenevere Abriel: See if I can actually find calendars. Now, where's my little I couldn't find it. I want to go to the search engine tickets upfront.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chapter one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it'll be okay so we got September. So we said, August 25 beautiful then know that. Okay, so let's go fast. Let's go faster. Nine. Nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Year. That was 21
Gwenevere Abriel: Or this 20th
Gwenevere Abriel: August nine to nine nine there'll be a
Gwenevere Abriel: 923 14
Gwenevere Abriel: October will it'll be more like September 30 sorry. No. No. It'll be, October 7 will be 13
Gwenevere Abriel: Will be at 12
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, then yes, November. So now we're getting into the holidays here and you're still at
Gwenevere Abriel: A so quite a high dose. I gotta say, but the profound reduction. Right. You're more than halfway down
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see. Let me go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: Then no 128 then yes on 11 for so 11 for road 11 1118 or at 10 December.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry 12
Gwenevere Abriel: August 12 one will say I keep moving my Mondays and Tuesdays, we had nine milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: December 15
Gwenevere Abriel: You are at eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then here comes the New Year December 29
Gwenevere Abriel: You're at seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the New Year comes in and by January 21 that's the 12th 2021 will be at six milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: 26 there'll be at five.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me February.
Gwenevere Abriel: 9 will be at 423
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, three
Gwenevere Abriel: March.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: 23rd.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will be a one milligram
Lyndsey Lorett: So at least a good year.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now you asked why so rare and this is when I watch this two week thing is how your yells here matches.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tapering it matches.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's going to be times when you may come and say, I'm scared.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I got really freaked out with my sweating or I had a little restless leg and you decided no I don't want to take the quantity or I don't know what's going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: This takes time, because we don't want you to go into a withdrawal where you end up saying this is too hard. I can't take her. I don't want that. That won't work. You'll end up convincing yourself. This is too hard. This is too scary, but this way. We have time
Gwenevere Abriel: For you to succeed, for you to come in and brag about it, share it with other people. Right. And you also in grew up, you have this additional almost like social pressure
Gwenevere Abriel: Like oh, look at me, I'm doing it and maybe you maybe you hear someone else's at a number and you're like, I want to get there, too. And you might have a bolstered sense of excitement to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's a little bit of accountability. You guys don't do it directly. You don't say, Hey, why didn't you taper. You guys don't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: In a really direct way but there's this subtle sort of social pressure also there. Hey, me too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which can work.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, I would think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: So by March, you're going to be done a one milligram
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh my goodness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and your head is going to clear up right your, your, your, the fuzziness and you don't even know that it's in it right now, but it's going to get sharper. Your mind will get clearer your confidence that you can do your life just like terms is just going to, you know, exponentially.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now if you decide, you know what I want to go with this more quickly. Go for it. I don't care. That's between you and I
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All I'm going to do is track it. I'll just be once in a while, so I can have. Where are you at, and then I'll just kind of mark it down. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Lyndsey Lorett: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Can say, Hey, oh, I'm going faster. Oh, I'm three months behind
Gwenevere Abriel: Just know that every time you go up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to read taper back down.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, you mean if I'm tapering tapering and then I'm like, whoa, and I take more than I have to re taper. Oh, wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right back.
Lyndsey Lorett: That's awful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm saying it because a lot of you don't realize that it's all that work, you put in our want to say it. So you realize it's effort it takes a lot to
Gwenevere Abriel: Cut, cut these things and be precise and Murrah you're going to probably need to end up like grinding these tablets up and get a little scale. So the data.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can just do it so that you're not over tapering too fast. You want to do it just right so that you're not experiencing huge withdrawal and then it doesn't get confused. I wish our pharmaceutical company made half a milligram or a quarter milligram. I wish, I wish they did.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't chop.
Lyndsey Lorett: Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: This tapering is not, it's not a universal approach. This is new, you're doing something really new.
Lyndsey Lorett: That's so necessary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I, I, I am
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. It's tell you this field behavioral health and especially around the opiate dependence piece, the typical mindset is you get onto methadone and you do it for us to your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just
Lyndsey Lorett: Not acceptable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think people took the time to say, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not teach these people how to live their life without it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, thank you, because in reality you're replacing one drug with another
Lyndsey Lorett: You are still dependent on
Gwenevere Abriel: You are the pluses. You're not developing tolerance which means you're going to keep having to raise the amount you need to fill those receptors and there shouldn't be a significant euphoric. I know there is one I know when, you know, it hits your bloodstream, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, not supposed to be the same rush and euphoria that the short acting opiates, especially heroin Gibbs so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the benefit of it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, that's true, that's, that's a good point. And you can function better on it, you can
Lyndsey Lorett: You can work and do normal things
Gwenevere Abriel: So today is a review how you're doing on your goals day and we just spent quite a bit of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Developing a taper plan taper down plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and we'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Have that put inside your short term goals here and maybe tuck it under the relapse prevention plan put the tape or protocol down in there. Um, let's look at
Gwenevere Abriel: This first goal, which is this is not one you said this is one that
Gwenevere Abriel: Is sort of automatically offered to everyone and it's identify how spirituality and or religion affects your recovery process. So how has spirituality help support you on a day to day basis. Would you say with your, your recovery goals.
Lyndsey Lorett: You know, I just don't see another way without spirituality not yeah I mean in a they say higher power like there's
Lyndsey Lorett: It's that
Lyndsey Lorett: Shrunk
Lyndsey Lorett: Stability that you can turn to
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to go for a moment to those thoughts of layers upon layers of fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about what you could do to utilize that faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: And stability.
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't really know how to incorporate that. With so many layers when
Lyndsey Lorett: I mean, you know, you know, in the end, it's in God's hands in it, what's you know going to happen is going to happen, but
Lyndsey Lorett: There's just so many parts.
Lyndsey Lorett: That it's hard to see how it's going to work out, or if it's going to work out.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you have the thought if it's going to work out.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well yeah, I mean, we could have like World War
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that you could do to prepare for World War
Gwenevere Abriel: Was the first thing that came to your mind just now when I asked that question right but i asked it.
Lyndsey Lorett: self sufficiency.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, which means what
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm
Lyndsey Lorett: To be able to survive when all those things are taken away that we're used to.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what would you have to do if you're going to, if it's going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn out to be a war. What do you need to do to prepare for it.
Lyndsey Lorett: I need to learn how to not be so sufficient on all of our
Lyndsey Lorett: You kinda yet yes dependent upon you know so at the gas station and eating out so many times and just
Lyndsey Lorett: Um,
Lyndsey Lorett: We're our generations really dependent on it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Go into the store when we need something or
Lyndsey Lorett: I just feel like I am not prepared.
Lyndsey Lorett: I do know how to can know
Lyndsey Lorett: And that's important.
Gwenevere Abriel: But do you have peach trees.
Gwenevere Abriel: apple trees to make the
Note
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know how to garden.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, but growing things in New Mexico. Is that really difficult.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and gas. Are you gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a bike or something to prepare
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's like a whole list that you would have to go in and
Lyndsey Lorett: Write you
Lyndsey Lorett: Alter everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Alter everything. So if you're going to hold on to this notion. And this is a Socratic dialogue Lindsay, this is just to provoke discussion. I'm not presenting any particular beliefs. This is to get you to be thinking about whether this is something you want to put your energy into
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not sure how much energy it would take for you to change everything to prepare for this belief that is something you said earlier, which is you see if I can find it. Mark of the Beast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Its end of times. Is that what we're talking about. You're going to need to care for it. So, um, why haven't you been been preparing this whole time.
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know. We've been comfortable and in repetitive behavior. You know that society offers
Gwenevere Abriel: Come, yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: My biggest fear in all of this, and any type of situation. And this is sad. This is what makes me feel like I need to be off of these medicines.
Lyndsey Lorett: Is that what happens if medicine can't be shipped out what you know it's just such a fear. How will I protect my children when I can't function myself, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So all of these fears.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will ultimately be
Gwenevere Abriel: A real zeroing in a narrowing of focus on to
Gwenevere Abriel: Some pretty core beliefs and values, they're gonna they're going to really get you focused
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. And what you just said was
Gwenevere Abriel: Will I be able to have access to pain medication and will I be able to protect my children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: without pain medication, but the subtext.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is absolutely pain medication.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, I don't agree with that. But it makes it sound like it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Percocet, or
Gwenevere Abriel: Some
Gwenevere Abriel: Right you know that these were designed for cancer patients.
Lyndsey Lorett: I do know that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So notice how you're resistant to wanting to to take in data like as in facts.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, backed the locks on was added to mitigate
Gwenevere Abriel: Drug Abuse. So in fact you're taking the one that doesn't have the locks on on it. You're taking if you're taking subjects you are purely just taking pain medication.
Lyndsey Lorett: That's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which doesn't have any of the locks on on it. And so, but notice how you don't like it, how it's just tonic. You really don't. I don't want, I want to hear that amount of pain medicine. I don't want to hear that I noticed
Gwenevere Abriel: Yet
Lyndsey Lorett: Why, though, why do I fix that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you know, what's your opinion about people that are addicted to pain pills.
Lyndsey Lorett: Was a really direct question. Oh,
Lyndsey Lorett: I just I
Lyndsey Lorett: Without overthinking it I just see someone who is addicted to something
Lyndsey Lorett: So control. That's what I picture somebody who does not have control.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Okay, so let's go back to those original images that I was talking about that. There's chemical dependence chemical dependence is a neurotransmitter. It does not have spirituality
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: does not know right from wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: The same person.
Gwenevere Abriel: That did IV heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: So same opiate receptors right as you
Gwenevere Abriel: This is not about control.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is not about your belief in God.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's my opinion. Anyway, just to play with this idea right just throwing something out there.
This is about
Gwenevere Abriel: Biology. This is chemistry, the slide here, and there's a slight variation between my chemistry and everyone else on this planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the mechanism. The, the existence of the opiate receptor is still the same for all of us. It's maybe this one years looks like this like mine, like that years like this, like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's still an opiate receptor. And it doesn't have a moral compass one isn't evil one isn't good unless you tell me that you got another perspective on this there your heart beats you have the same origins as everybody else on this planet.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: The same cellular structure. And if it's not, then we can we know because they've got, you know, you can see behavioral issues and they've got disease and we give a labels and our medical professionals, they given labels and we try to treat it when those cells.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are not
Gwenevere Abriel: A typical when they are a typical
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not evil.
Lyndsey Lorett: Wow.
Lyndsey Lorett: That yeah I get. I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Lyndsey Lorett: Get it, but it's a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know, but that's why I'm very deliberate with this word. You guys are chemically dependent and then I say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about what behaviors of addiction. You guys are engaging in or you'll hear me say what is your addict voice seducing you
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where you can kind of get into that evil notion if you wanted to, or the devil kind of trying to get you to come over to the dark side. You could. That's where that kind of moral stuff could come in, but it's not about
Gwenevere Abriel: We were made.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be self healing and we're perfect were made to take care of itself. It has a plus it has a minus as sympathetic and parasympathetic it has all of it all of what it needs. It's self contained. It's amazing.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: But addictive behavior. And that's where you hear me talk about the voice of addiction all say, you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it telling you to go do. What did you just tell you to do. Did it just tell you to omit
Gwenevere Abriel: To a friend to a family member did is say, well, don't tell the whole truth. Just keep some of that truth to yourself. Don't tell them they charge you, then we might have to change. We might have to look at how we've been diverting our medicine, our money, how we
Gwenevere Abriel: How we were using it to
Gwenevere Abriel: get things done, we would do all our work this way or that way. That's the voice of addiction. That's the one where that that stuff. You were talking about up here.
Gwenevere Abriel: The face and good, bad evil. Right. That's where that stuff if you want to you can play it in with that. I'm not a fan of the voice of addiction I if I had to use your kind of language. I would say it's the devil.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, I never heard it explained like that. Glenn.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not even though I can lay it out like that. Navigating which one is communicating is difficult. And so that's why I encourage as we're showing it each time when we're in group and we're together. And I'm saying, How honest are you with the people around you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, are you in shame because if their shame that means you're literally it's just a pipeline straight
Gwenevere Abriel: To the, to the addict voice saying good you don't like a big piece of who you are and that's fantastic. You don't like who you are. Well great.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's great because then we can hide from that and we won't tell people, and then when you really feel like feel crummy about it, you're going to want to use those self medicating
Gwenevere Abriel: And, you know, it will tell the doc. I'm not ready to take her yet yeah let's tell her that because we're not ready. We're scared you can't you can handle it.
Lyndsey Lorett: That's a really negative thinking, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: For most people, it's that
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I'm not shy.
Lyndsey Lorett: See everything that you just said the
Lyndsey Lorett: roadblock.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. But I'm not shy about calling it out. I don't have ambivalence about speaking to the addict voice with reproach. I can say I can shave shut the F up. I have no problem be rude to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's not your friend. It doesn't love you. It doesn't care about your health growth happiness and it does not care about your children.
Lyndsey Lorett: When that is so powerful.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Why
Gwenevere Abriel: But Lindsay, trying to figure out was that Lindsay, or was that the voice of addiction making any given decision any given choice. It's difficult to see it as we're looking out into the world and we're driving along in our automobile and we're driving and it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I want. I've got my Bible my Christianity and that gives me the map, but no one said there'd be a pothole right here that's not on the map.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when and this road is is closed, and I have to go down this other thing. And, and, and my my map doesn't have that this is a brand new direction.
Gwenevere Abriel: This thing this building collapsed and now I have to go this way and I have to actually really divert and have a detour. I had this map, but it is not the terrain.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you rely on you are in the car you're driving
Lyndsey Lorett: Your instinct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instincts okay and so that's you, Lindsay when your gut. That's what you always kind of hear me come back to this body of yours that is it's off sustained little ecosystem that knows how to take care of itself. You have your gut.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it tells you, something's wrong here. I don't want to let this passenger into my automobile.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I want to kick this person out of my automobile keep sending me yucky information or keeps doing things that takes 20 hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: That should I was totally distracting me. Maybe I'll let this person, I'll say it was nice hanging out with you for this journey so far, but I'm going to leave you here at this hotel, and I'm going to go down and I'm going to drive without you I invite you to get out of my car.
Gwenevere Abriel: And someone else in and who do you in your automobile. Maybe you let me and sometimes maybe Dr. Overall it's there. Sometimes maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe someone a minister or someone who who really resonates with you, you bring those words in the automobile when you're driving it. So your gun has this thing and maybe you check it out and say, well, what would you do
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I thought about that. That's interesting. I think about it. Let me go do that. And I'm I drive this way. Oh, I did not like that. Oh, no. Okay. My gut said no I didn't like this, I may not have the words of the language or how to do it, but I have my gut.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have a basic map have my spirituality to guide me right and wrong, and she moves you know people that have this what you're describing as addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: The voice of addiction that addict is in the car with you. My question is who's driving is that you or is it the, I mean the automobile.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, it's me, but the attic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whispers in your ear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry. Okay. Well, why don't we, I just looked at the time, I just realized what time it was
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear from you a little bit, let me try and have some video here. Come on back. See if we can still hear each other and kind of just process what came up for you today, just take some time and my next clients not here yet. So just kind of talk with me about what this is like today.
Lyndsey Lorett: I think that um some core beliefs that I have about addiction have been
Lyndsey Lorett: Literally, you just like chopped it like with a machete like you chopped it
Lyndsey Lorett: It's a, it's
Lyndsey Lorett: A lot like I just want to say here and think about it.
Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: I've never looked at it that way.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I guess maybe it makes me want to be kinder to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, good. Oh, good, good. I'm so glad right because you're not a scummy addict or you
Lyndsey Lorett: Know I'm not
Lyndsey Lorett: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes that passengers in the car with you.
Lyndsey Lorett: Mm hmm. And talk. I think it will always
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but you can put it in the backseat.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can you can turn the radio up and you can say, shush act like a statue.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: That's true.
Lyndsey Lorett: That is
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm my next clients here.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really invite you to sit with that that notion of, of what you just did of
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, pulling those apart that that's not you. That's the authentic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: Isn't it writing
Lyndsey Lorett: In my journal
Lyndsey Lorett: That was
Lyndsey Lorett: OK, I will be your next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you I wrote down this time of may 20 at 8am. Are you still okay with that.
It's a little different.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, and then we can do the following day. Right.
Lyndsey Lorett: We get a Wednesday at 8pm and then the following day at 110
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I see what I did was, wow.
Lyndsey Lorett: Hey, I'll take two of them unless you need to move on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, great. That's cool.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, alright,
Gwenevere Abriel: cuz you've been wanting a little bit more intensive anyway. And we weren't able to pull that off. So let's see if I'm like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I'll ceiling, and then I'll see you at 8am on Monday, May 20 110 on me.
Lyndsey Lorett: Awesome. Thank you. Glenn.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Bye bye.
Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, Michelle.
Michelle Lucero: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Log back out. Come right back. Let's create a new zoom room.
Michelle Lucero: I'll just say one
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, just come right back.
Okay.